Working workflow (#1)
itk-dev-rpa/digital-post-ukendt-adresse: README.md

# Udtræk af tilmelding til Digital Post (Ukendt adresse)

## Process Variables

> This robot requires the following process variables set in Open Orchestrator:

Author: ```suggestion
This robot requires the following process variables set in OpenOrchestrator:
```
